In the last lectures we learn a lot about even finding and proper keybinding.
Now let's combine both two.
Two way binding.
We learnt that we can get to event data like this for example there is another approach too though.
If I copy this and then commented out and now replace this input event with something else you will
find that we have an even easier way of binding to some data with two way data binding.
We combine property and even binding.
We use it therefore by combining the syntaxes square brackets and within these parentheses.
Now here we have to use a special directive and we will learn more about this in a second and you model.
Now we can set this equal to some property defined in our typescript code.
So if to the server name for example does set up will do the following.
It will trigger on the input event and update the value of server name in our component automatically.
On the other hand since it is two way binding it will also update the value of the input element.
If we change server name somewhere else and I can demonstrate this by going back to the typescript code
and setting server name to test server here initially.
So afforded was an empty string.
Now it isn't anymore.
With this if we go back to the running application you'll see that the input is pre-populated with debt.
Now if for demo purposes I comment in the other input which does not use to a binding.
You'll see that this input is empty because again it's not using to a binding.
Now if I type something here you see it updates the property name and hence it updates there where we
used signature pollution and the other input.
But if I type here it's not getting changed and the first input because again we're not using to were
binding there.
This is a two way data binding is a very simple way of binding in both directions.
And for example of reacting to changes in well the input value here.
So I will comment out the first approach.
I will leave the method in here though.
Even though we're not calling it anymore.
But with that you also had a look at two were binding a nice and easy way of reacting to events in both
directions.
Now let's find two our app here a little bit more.
And let's then move on to direct this another core feature of angular